Avoid Polymorphic and Single Table Inheritance Associations (#137)
BiggerPockets/patterns: _patterns/avoid-polymorphic-and-STI-relationships.md

Taken from: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/database/polymorphic_associations.html

# Polymorphic Associations

> **Summary:** always use separate tables instead of polymorphic associations or single table inheritance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Summary:** Prefer separate tables instead of polymorphic associations or single table inheritance.
```
